# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in
alembic==1.14.0
    # via dynamicannotationdb
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restx
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   caveclient
    #   jsonschema
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   caveclient
    #   middle-auth-client
caveclient==7.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via flask
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
dynamicannotationdb==5.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
emannotationschemas==5.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dynamicannotationdb
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via ipython
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
flask==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-restx
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   middle-auth-client
flask-accepts==0.18.4
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-admin==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   emannotationschemas
flask-marshmallow==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restx==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-accepts
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
furl==2.1.3
    # via middle-auth-client
geoalchemy2==0.11.1
    # via
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   emannotationschemas
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via flask-restx
ipython==8.30.0
    # via caveclient
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via flask
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   caveclient
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   flask-restx
mako==1.3.6
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.5.1
    # via
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   flask-accepts
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.10.0
    # via emannotationschemas
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.28.2
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
middle-auth-client==3.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
multiwrapper==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.4.2
    # via caveclient
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   multiwrapper
    #   oldest-supported-numpy
    #   pandas
    #   shapely
oldest-supported-numpy==0.9
    # via caveclient
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   caveclient
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
pandas==2.2.3
    # via caveclient
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via dynamicannotationdb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via caveclient
pygments==2.18.0
    # via ipython
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   flask-restx
    #   pandas
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   caveclient
    #   middle-auth-client
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via jsonschema
shapely==2.0.3
    # via
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   emannotationschemas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   furl
    #   jsonschema
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   dynamicannotationdb
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   ipython
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   caveclient
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-accepts
    #   flask-restx
wtforms==3.2.1
    # via flask-admin
